Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
Information that we collect

We collect information to provide better services to all of our users. Information that we get about you from other services Such as Google Analytics, Firebase, Crashlytics, Google Play and others services we use to improve our applications and services.


This information includes:

Information you give us - for example, if our application request login or register to store or sync your date - we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address or telephone number. Or will asked you to sign in into your Google (maybe Facebook or other accounts). We do not collect any personal information in our applications for kids. In our kids apps users could access the app or game in its entirety without any signing.



Device information - device-specific information such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.



Log information - this may include: details of how you used our applications or services; internet protocol address; device event information, such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL; cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Account.



Location information - some of services that we use in the applications (Google Analytics for example) may collect and process information about your location. All data about your location is aggregated non-personally identifiable information.



Unique application numbers - certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number)



Local storage - we may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.



Cookies and anonymous identifiers - we use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit our site or work with application, which may include one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers sent to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services that we offer to our partners, such as advertising services and others. How we use information that we collect



We use the information that we collect from all of our applications to improve our applications and make it better for you. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our apps. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page. If you have any questions - you can ask them by e-mail.



Monedata Disclosure - Monedata (DATA PAYMENTS OÜ, Lasnamäe linnaosa, Lõõtsa tn 5-11, Tallinn, 11415, Estonia, info@monedata.io) This app uses third-party addons that collect varied data, which may include device identifiers, location, mobile network coverage and performance, installed apps list and usage stats. With the user's consent, this data will be collected and shared with those third-parties for analysis and measurement purposes. The user can change his mind at any time by changing the consent. To learn more about the data collected and see the list of partners, please visit Monedata’s privacy policy.

